Well, good morning family. Praise the Lord! We did it. The Senate looks like the House and the presidency—all glory to God.
I just want to tell you all thank you for joining me every day in prayer.
I believe it was the prayers of the righteous going up before the Father that availed much.
Every single one of you played a part in this great election that took place this week.
Last night—I mean, wow—what God did over and above all that we could ask or think.
Now we have a great opportunity to turn things around for America, for a lot of things in the world.
There are a lot of things that will change now. I was up praying a lot last night, praying over the election and interceding.
If you go back to what the Lord told you all—what I said about have-to-wide the margin so that they could not steal it—that's what happened.
Praying over Pennsylvania, praying over Ted Cruz, widening the margins.
I know people are praying for Kari Lake. I've seen things in the spirit over that. I'm praying over her election still.
I told you the compromise—that she had to have a spine, like a backbone, to win, because she could not allow compromise to come in concerning abortion.
So really, now we're just putting icing on the cake for any more votes that come for Trump, but we want to win the House and we need to win.
I would love to have a greater victory in the Senate, but I told you all what would come after his election.
I told you all that the stock market would go up and skyrocket today, and I told you I saw crypto skyrocketing today.
Not financial advice—I just see these things and what the Lord tells me is coming, and it happened.
I believe the Dow Jones hit 1,300 points today and Bitcoin hit an all-time high today. How long this lasts, I do not know.
I saw it happen for a window; the Lord did not give me a date or a time frame of when this would end.
But I'm telling you, I saw a house of cards fall when I was praying and interceding last night.
I saw men burning boxes and evidence, trying to cover up their sins for what they know is judgment coming.
I saw people in Hollywood and celebrities secretly trying to escape from being prosecuted for sex trafficking and things like that that would be associated with Diddy.
They will try to escape America—people trying to bail and saying, 'Hey, I'm out of here,'because they know what's coming.
An exposing of hidden things and an exposing of embarrassing things is coming for some people—judgment.
I told you all what would come with the economy after President Trump wins. I saw the dam. I've warned you all about that.
I do not want to make this a 'look at me'thing, because it's not about me; it's about Jesus Christ and Him being glorified.
I want to say it like this, folks: there are a lot of you that are saying, 'Hey Brandon, you hit it right on,'and that may be so, but I still want to always keep my eyes on Jesus.
Keeping my eyes on Him because He is the Potter, I am the clay.
If you realize that I'm just a servant of the Most High God—regardless of how much you say, 'Hey Brandon, you got all these things right'or 'Hey, you may have missed it'—you have haters, you have lovers, but I'm going to tell you this: my eyes are focused on Jesus today.
I'm excited about what He did, and He told me this morning, He said, 'There's much work to be done, son.
There's much work.'I was tired from praying so hard, and my wife and I, we interceded all night last night.
Diana and I, we prayed until we felt like we were birthing a water buffalo, and I'm telling you all, it was a lot of work in the spirit for the Senate.
But the Lord was victorious, of course, but it took the righteous rising up and praying over the land.
For 'if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we would hear from heaven and He would heal our land.'I believe with all my heart that happened last night.
The righteous rose up, and they prayed and they voted, but we have work to be done.
There's work to be done still is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
When I woke up this morning, the Lord woke me up and He said, 'Brandon, take a victory lap and be excited about what happened, but there is much work to be done.'We must pray for his protection.
We must pray for him to pick the right cabinet people and put the voices that are going to be surrounding him—that he would put godly people around him, not people of corrupt thinking—that it would be strategic in what he puts around him, that it would help excel him in the next four years.
For we must turn things around and do quick work for what the Lord's going to do in this nation.
Like I said, I saw them burning stuff. I saw them burning boxes. I saw things in Ukraine that will be tried to be covered up.
There's great darkness that will try to be exposed, and they're going to try to hide it and they're going to try to bury it because they don't want their sins to be found out.
But I'm telling you, Jesus Christ is there. There is a Day of Reckoning coming, whether here or on the other side.
People think you can hide from the Lord now, but you'll not hide from Him on the Day of Judgment when you're standing before Him at the throne.
I'm telling you all, hidden things will be revealed, either in this life or in the after.
You can't cover up your sins; that's only covered up by the blood of Jesus Christ and by repentance.
I'm very thankful for all the things the Lord has done in the last couple of months—from Trump's ear prophecy to how He's brought me into this platform and has allowed me to speak and say the things that He tells me to say.
He is a good God. It's been through much persecution lately, but I tell you this: I'd do it all again for Him. I haven't told y'all this: I had a visitation from the Lord.
I told you I had one, and one of the things I gleaned from it the most—He talked to me about the angels and He gave my wife and I two angels of peace for healing miracles that are about to take place in our ministry.
Doing this online, praying for you all, He said He was going to do something He's never done before through the internet, and people are going to start having creative miracles through the lens of this camera, right where you're sitting.
The Lord told me, He said, 'I'm bringing these... there's two angelic ones on each side of you.'I saw them; they were massive, and I've never seen angels like this before.
They stood before me in the spirit. I was looking over in the spirit and the Lord showed them, and they were these big-looking angels.
They had these Roman-looking helmets on with feathers that stuck up out of their helmets that were about that tall.
On all their breastplates and all their armor, it was paisley print.
It was beautiful paisley print that all swirled around, and it was carved into the armor.
It was beautiful designs of paisley print all inside of this beautiful armor, and it was layered like you're carving it out of gold.
It was all beautiful, the way it was all carved and the way these angels had it. I've never seen that before in their armor.
Their shin guards were thick gold, thick beautiful gold shin guards that they had on, and sandals that went up clear into their ankles—they were beautiful leather sandals.
Their armor and their swords they had in their hands... all four of them looked almost identical.
But I've never seen an angel with facial hair before, and he had facial hair—a goatee that went down and was pointed, kind of like Egyptian looking.
Like I said, I've never seen angels with facial hair. I thought that was interesting.
When the Lord had showed me these angels standing, He said they're going to work with you now as of today.
He said, 'You're going to start to walk in creative miracles and signs and wonders in your life more.'He said, 'I brought these angels for you to help you and assist you.'So there were two for me and two for my wife.
He said, 'As you grow in your gifting, son, I'm going to give you two more, and you'll have three and your wife will have three.'He said they will work with you for what's about to happen in this last outpouring.
There's a great outpouring that's about to take place on this land that you can't imagine.
The greater works will we do. We're going to see great, mighty things in these last days. The birthing pains...
like He told me, I told you all, He said, 'I'm giving you more of a season of grace.'I saw a four-year window.
I told you it'll be at the end of the Shmita cycle, that there are decisions that will be made at the Shmita cycle.
It's in four years, and it will go alongside President Trump's presidency.
What will we do with this time? He said, 'What will you do with this time?
Will you bring in the Harvest?'He is the Lord of the Harvest.
I saw the Lord Jesus Christ in the last video standing at the door ready to come back, and He said, 'I'm standing at the door waiting.
I'm standing at the door and I'm waiting to come.'Do you understand? He is so close. We are so close to His coming.
Jesus is coming, and it's time for us to get ready for what He's wanting to do in this earth.
A great harvest of souls is upon us. You say, 'What is a harvest of souls?'I'm talking salvations. Salvations are coming.
People are going to get born again, and they're going to get born again by the hundreds of thousands into the hundreds of millions.
I'm going to say hundreds of millions because I'm believing for a billion-soul harvest.
I'm believing for exceedingly abundantly above all. Let's do it big; go big or go home!
So I'm excited because of the healings—the devil hates the healings because it's tangible, you can see it.
When you start to see little girls, like my little girl, get healed from autism and Down syndrome...
people do have Down syndrome, so they're going to be healed.
Creative miracles on the mind, creative miracles on what seemed impossible will become possible in the days ahead.
The Lord said from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, we would see first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation over the four years of great healing starting to take place.
I told you all they would start to take place at the Tent Revival.
There are so many healings that have been documented from that Tent Revival.
When I told you the Shekinah Glory Cloud came in there and my wife and I were standing there, we could see it, people could feel it. I'm telling you all, that was the beginning—the kickoff.
Now the next one is coming, and I believe with all my heart there are certain key places that will experience the glory more than others.
You say, 'Why is that?'Because it was birthed out of prayer. It will come out of a wave of manifestation of prayer.
We have got to pray, for when prayers go up, blessings come down.
Prayer and praise are power twins. We've got to get in that place of prayer.
So we are going to do more videos on here because He said, 'I have commissioned you and appointed you right now for such a time as this to do prayer and healings over the internet.'You're going to see signs and wonders, and when we pray, I want you to tell us when you've received something.
Let us know; we want to be encouraged by it, and it encourages me so we can keep going. But we are going to do prayer on here more and more.
The Lord said, 'I'm calling you to raise up an army of a million prayer warriors.'A million prayer warriors will pray on here every single day.
Now, I've got like 60,000 or 50,000 now that pray with us every day.
Praise the Lord for that number, but man, we have a long way to go for what the Lord showed me, and I'm excited.
It's something to believe for; it's something I use my faith for—to believe for a million prayer warriors to come on here and pray every single day.
We will be like icebreakers going through the big Arctic, splitting the ice for the Lord Jesus Christ's return as we're making a way for the harvest of souls and for the healings that are going to take place on this platform.
I believe with all my heart the best is yet to come. But I'm telling you, there's a storm coming.
I warned you all that there are going to be very dark days. Gross darkness is coming on the earth, but the light will shine in Goshen.
It's not a time to be afraid. But I told you all what was coming after he won. I told you the economy will crash.
I told you the plans of the wicked—that they had a plan to take down the dollar. I told you that there's a major virus coming.
I warned you all that a virus is coming that is going to be worse than COVID on steroids, that will wipe out over 350 million people.
You say, 'Will that still take place?'Yes, I still see it taking place.
I see that this is part of the end times; it's the birthing pains.
People don't want to hear some of the things I have to say, but I tell you this because you need to prepare your family—not in fear, but to prepare yourself so that you are not caught off guard.
I'm a watchman on the wall. I told you so far what was coming and it's happened—not to give me any kind of pat on my back, ladies and gentlemen, but to tell you because Jesus loves you.
I don't want this to happen, but I'm telling you we're in the last of the last days and we will see dark times for some, but the glorious Church will rise, and it will come out of pressure.
There are a lot of people that are still asleep. How arrogant it is to believe that it's just about America.
We're only 350 million people out of 8 billion. How arrogant it would be to only think it's about America and America's election.
It's centered around Israel. People don't want to hear that either, but it is.
We will see a major harvest of souls worldwide, ladies and gentlemen.
The Lord has put Asia on my heart big time, and Africa, to stand for these continents, that there will be a great harvest of souls in Asia.
South Korea will rise up now like you've never seen it before.
I've seen a great stirring in South Korea, a great hunger in the people.
I saw groanings coming out of the spirit concerning South Korea, and it will be like a mighty whirlwind that turns in the spirit realm for South Korea, and there will be a dispatching of the glory coming from South Korea.
There are great prayer warriors there. The Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to do a great thing through Asia.'There's going to be a move of God all throughout Africa.
I told you about the crop circles—the Lord showed me the crop circles and the glory of the Lord right over those hot spots.
His hand came out of the heavens, and there are pillars of light that came out of His fingers, and those pillars are where the glory spots will be throughout the world.
All His fingers shot light, and it will be like popcorn. You're going to start to see it on the news—the glory popping up everywhere.
But it won't just be in the four walls of a church; it's going to be in you and me as we walk and be obedient.
The glory of the Lord is going to touch His people at Walmart, at Target, at the malls, at the gas station—wherever you're obedient to pray for the sick and lay hands on them, they will recover.
Doing the Great Commission—that's what we're going to see now.
You're going to start to see a rising up of believers throughout the whole world being obedient and walking in signs and wonders in these last days. It will not be about the man on the pulpit so much.
You have all these big Hollywood preachers, but it's where you humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of God that in due time He will exalt you.
I always want to stay humble. I don't need to be exalted; it's all about Jesus.
People are always trying to put people on a pedestal. I don't want to be on a pedestal. All I want is Jesus, because I'm telling you, it's in Him.
He talks more while cleaning a toilet than He does behind the pulpit talking to 100,000.
Humble yourself and let the Potter work in your life. Keep your eyes focused on Him.
'We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of us.'Always keep that scripture in the forefront of you.
When you keep your eyes on Jesus, the glory will come even stronger on your life. He visits me a lot.
I have visions and signs and wonders a lot that I don't talk about anymore, but He has given us a lot of instruction.
When He visited me and gave us that last word, He looked at me as He was getting ready to leave the house.
He stood there talking to my son, my wife, and I—Jesus Himself.
People say, 'You saw Jesus?'Yes, not in physical form like I'm touching flesh, but in the spirit, I could see Him. He turned around, looked at me, and spoke.
He was walking out of the house and He said, 'Will you die for me?'I literally thought I'd wet myself because it echoed so strong inside of me.
When the Father asked me something so strong—'Would you be willing to die for me if need be for the cause of the Gospel?'—I was quick to answer in my heart and I said, 'Lord, as for me and my house, we will do whatever it takes to serve You.'He looked at me and He said, 'I know you will, Brandon.'He asked the question, and my question is for you today: If Jesus Christ asked you, are you willing to die for the sake of the Gospel?
How bad do you want Him? Are you willing to lay down your life for Him if need be? It's time to get radical.
It's time to get radical even unto martyrdom—that if we have to lay down our life for the Lord Jesus Christ, we get our martyr's crown when we get to heaven.
But be bold unto death in what He's asked us to do: to lay our life down for a friend, to pray for the unsaved, to believe for the supernatural like we've never seen it before.
There are so many people in ministry with big heads who want to come out immediately and tell everybody how much they hit it right.
I don't want to be that person; I want to keep my eyes on Jesus.
It cost me so much to get here, and there's nothing in this world more valuable than Him. His presence is everything to me; it's priceless.
When my wife and I sit and pray and the Holy Spirit comes so strong that you can't move off your couch, and my kids feel it—you just sing songs and the Shekinah Glory comes into your house because we practice His presence.
We practice Him every day; we give Him a place to feel comfortable to visit.
People want to know about the thousand-year reign. It's heaven on Earth, folks.
The thousand-year reign is heaven on Earth: glorified bodies, no sickness, no disease.
The lion and lamb lay together; the atmosphere is beautiful.
Everything will be back to being restored like the Garden; everything is glorious.
Jesus is here. I thank you for your time. I don't want to take a lot of time from you all; I know you have busy lives.
I just wanted to take a moment and say thank you for praying. We have a lot of work to do.
It's not about me; it's about Jesus. I want to say thank you again for joining us and being a part of our YouTube channel.
I appreciate you showing up every day. Let's pray now for his cabinet and seek the Lord for what's about to take place in this earth.
Be ready, folks. Be ready. Let Him use you. Don't be a dam that He can't flow through.
Let the Holy Spirit flow through you today. In everything you do, in word and deed, give all to the glory of God.
No matter how many TV shows call you, no matter how many people want you to come and preach at their church, give all glory to God.
Always keep your eyes focused on Him. It's exciting what He has done, but I expected it because I hear Him.
Whenever you sit with Him, it shouldn't be a shocker when you get a word right.
You add to or take away from things because we have flesh; people don't understand that when you're looking over in the spirit, there's depth perception.
Even with the map the Lord showed me—I told you who would win Michigan. I saw Michigan; I saw revival start in Michigan and spread.
Then I saw the torches in America, in Oklahoma, and the people rising up with these torches praying. I saw 'MAGA'on their hats.
The only state I still can't understand that I didn't get was Illinois, but if you look at how it went, Chicago is the only reason why.
We started interceding for Chicago. Chicago is the only reason why Illinois was not high red for Trump, but it spread, and I saw all that red come over America.
I saw the Red Wave, and I told you all that back in November of last year. I told you what the Lord was going to do this year.
So we have to pray for the economic thing that's going to take place next, that you are ready, because I told you a great humbling is coming to America.
Maybe we've averted some of it through prayer. I'm still praying over it.
I want to always be so close to Him that we hear it right on, and if He decides, just like Jonah, to change His mind over Nineveh and say judgment's not coming like that now because they prayed and turned with sackcloth and ashes, I want to make sure I'm lined up with what His 'now word'is.
The Lord has the right to change what He wants to do because He's God.
It happened with Abraham and Jonah. Out of two or three mouths, let every word be established.
It happened twice that we know of. God provided mercy instead of judgment in certain circumstances.
So, is America still going to go through a financial hardship?
What I have seen so far in my spirit when I pray is that we will still have a 1930s-style crash with brush-arbor churches, and people will line up for miles.
It's about the world—what gets the world's attention. There are millions of people who are going to die and go to hell, and He's trying to get them brought in.
He's going after the one in the backfield. You're saved; you're here. But you need to get born again if you're not.
He's going after the ones way out there—the news anchors on CNN last night.
He wants them saved. Those people are going to hell. You need to know that things are going to shake so they can be awakened.
I know people don't want to go through certain things, but you have to touch the pocketbooks because money is people's god.
When money is god, you touch their money to get their attention. I'm telling you, a great shaking is coming.
I told you what happens when Trump wins—building a rocket ship back up and all that—but I'm trying to tell you all to prepare your house.
If this video is witnessing to you, then do it. If you say that man's off his rocker, then just throw it down the toilet.
But if it witnesses with you, get your house in order. I'm not a financial advisor.
Follow the Holy Spirit for your life. You follow the Holy Spirit.
People say, 'Well, now what's going to happen?'The economy will crash—that's what I've seen, a house of cards coming down.
I pray it's not in 2025. I saw great darkness coming in 2025. All I know is it happens during President Trump's presidency.
I saw a plague coming. The only way you're going to survive what's coming is the power and authority of the name of Jesus.
I saw these leaders talking to the devil—whether that was real in the natural or he's just influencing their thoughts.
Let's just pray. Father, we thank You for every person represented here today.
We believe that Jesus Christ is the Healer, the same yesterday, today, and forever.
We call healing over their bodies and deliverance from all cancers, diabetes, and heart disease.
He sent His word and healed them. By His stripes, we are healed.
I believe I am healed of this cough; the drainage is whole and well.
I thank You for the restoration of marriages and happy homes full of joy.
We take authority over satanic attacks on families. I thank You that husbands would rise up and lead in love.
I see people believing for children—I speak creative miracles over their bodies.
We have authority in all three realms—Heaven, Earth, and Hell—to lay hands on the body and say, 'Be healed.'I speak to whatever it be—leave now in Jesus'name.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were. The devil is like a little roaring lion seeking whom he may devour, but he can't devour the one upright with Jesus and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
Be on fire for Jesus! A fly can't land on a hot stove. Father, we thank You for Donald Trump's cabinet and for godly people to surround him.
We call for favor over the House and the Senate. I saw a landslide victory in Jesus'name.
We are raising up men and women of God to take back the land. We will not shy back.
We will be bold in our faith. We lift You up today, for You are good.
Your eyes are running to and fro throughout the earth looking for a heart perfect toward You.
Rest Your eyes upon me, Father. Create in me a clean heart. We are so close to Your coming.
You're standing at the door. Help us bring in the harvest. We pray a hedge of protection around Trump and his family.
We thank You for a supernatural endowment of wisdom like Solomon.
We thank You for Ted Cruz winning. We ask for mercy for Kari Lake—that she would win Arizona.
I saw 20,000 votes. This is a time of recompense. We pray a crop failure over our bad seeds in Jesus'name.
We only want to reap the good things. Amen. Thank you for joining me.
Please like and subscribe. My wife and children appreciate your support.
I'll tell you more about angel visitations later. Remember, Jesus is the Healer.
I got this shirt from Nancy Dufresne—'Jesus the Healer.'He is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Keep your head up. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we will see you tomorrow. God bless you. Bye-bye.